## Features:

 * Meteor 1.x package/bundle support
 * Bundle-based execution
   * directory referenced as `APP_DIR` (meteor build --directory); defaults to `/var/www`
   * downloaded with `curl` from `BUNDLE_URL` (if supplied)
   * set `CURL_OPTS` if you need to pass additional parameters
 * Source-based build/execution
   * Downloads latest Meteor tool at runtime (always the latest tool version unless a `RELEASE` is specified, but apps run with their own versions)
   * Supply source at `SRC_DIR` (defaults to `/src/app`)
   * Supply source from `REPO` (git clone URL)
      * Optionally specify a `DEPLOY_KEY` file for SSH authentication to private repositories
      * Optionally specify a `BRANCH` is not the default `master` (can also be a tag name)
 * References your external MongoDB database
   * Uses Docker links (i.e. `MONGO_PORT`...)
   * Explicit Mongo URLs by at `MONGO_URL`
   * NOTE: This does NOT set `MONGO_OPLOG_URL`.  There were too many potention complications.  As a result, unless you explicitly set `MONGO_OPLOG_URL`, Meteor will fall back to a polling-based approach to database synchronization.  Note that oplog tailing requires a working replica set on your MongoDB server as well as access to the `local` database.
 * Optionally specify the port on which the web server should run (`PORT`); defaults to 80
 * Non-root location of Meteor tree; the script will search for the first .meteor directory
 * _NOTE_: PhantomJS is no longer pre-installed.  This package was swelling the size of the image by 50%, and it is not maintainable with the standard Docker Node images.  Instead, please use one of the docker-friendly (read port-based) spiderable packages on Meteor, such as [ongoworks:spiderable](https://atmospherejs.com/ongoworks/spiderable);  if there is demand, please create an issue on Github, and I'll see about managing a separate branch for it.

## Versions:

The Meteor tool (if required) is now downloaded at runtime, so it is no longer packaged and the version of this docker image does
not matter for the version of meteor.

You can specify which version of Meteor you want to be installed by setting the `RELEASE` as required.

## Modes of operation

There are three basic modes of operation for this image:
  - `APP_DIR`
      If you put your bundled application in the directory pointed to by `APP_DIR` (`/target`, by default), this container will attempt to find a Meteor bundle
      in this directory and then start Node to run that bundle.  The Meteor tool will not be installed (as a bundled Meteor app needs only Node).
      The default `APP_DIR` is `/var/www`, so you may attach that as a volume, for greatest simplicity.  Something like: `-v /srv/myApp:/var/www`.
  - `BUNDLE_URL`
      If you populate `BUNDLE_URL`, the container expects to find a bundled tarball, as generated by `meteor build ./` at this URL.  The tarball is
      downloaded (with curl... so you may set `CURL_OPTS` as required) and extracted to the bundle directory, and the process continues from `BUNDLE_DIR` (above).
  - `SRC_DIR`
      If you put your application source in the directory pointed to by `SRC_DIR` (`/var/www`, by default), this container will download the Meteor tool,
      build your application, bundle it, then execute it.  It is usually sufficient to simply pass `docker run` an argument like `-v /srv/myApp:/src/app`.
  - `REPO`
      If you populate the `REPO` environment variable, it is presumed that this is where your application source resides.  This container will
      `git pull` your `REPO`, change to `master` or the supplied `BRANCH` (which can also be a tag).  The source tree will be placed in
      `APP_DIR`, and the script will pick up processing `APP_DIR` (above) from there.

## Examples:

### git repo with non-default (master) branch
```sh
docker run --rm \
  -e ROOT_URL=http://testsite.com \
  -e REPO=https://github.com/yourName/testsite \
  -e BRANCH=testing \
  -e MONGO_URL=mongodb://mymongoserver.com:27017/mydatabase \
  -e MONGO_OPLOG_URL=mongodb://mymongoserver.com:27017/local \
  ulexus/meteor
```

### app source from a local directory on host (/home/user/myapp)
```sh
docker run --rm \
  -e ROOT_URL=http://testsite.com \
  -v /home/user/myapp:/src/app \
  -e MONGO_URL=mongodb://mymongoserver.com:27017/appdb \
  -e MONGO_OPLOG_URL=mongodb://mymongoserver.com:27017/local \
  ulexus/meteor
```

### pre-bundled app from a local directory on host (/home/user/myapp)
```sh
docker run --rm \
  -e ROOT_URL=http://testsite.com \
  -v /home/user/myapp:/var/www \
  -e MONGO_URL=mongodb://mymongoserver.com:27017/appdb \
  -e MONGO_OPLOG_URL=mongodb://mymongoserver.com:27017/local \
  ulexus/meteor
```

### local app source directory on host (/home/user/myapp) with specific Meteor release (1.0.5)
```sh
docker run --rm \
  -e ROOT_URL=http://testsite.com \
  -v /home/user/myapp:/src/app \
  -e MONGO_URL=mongodb://mymongoserver.com:27017/appdb \
  -e MONGO_OPLOG_URL=mongodb://mymongoserver.com:27017/local \
  -e RELEASE=1.0.5 \
  ulexus/meteor
```

### Unit file

There is also a sample systemd [unit file](meteor.myapp@.service) in the Github repository.
